chore: Spinnaker update q12025 (#233)
cdfoundation/toc: projects/spinnaker/2025-q1.md

# Spinnaker Update

## Features and release

> 1.36 was released at the end of November.  1.37.0 was released Feb 24th, 2025, but please got to the latest patch release due to bugs found in the upgrade of retrofit to retrofit2.  As always test in lower environments BEFORE promotion to production environments and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.36 was released at the end of November.  1.37.0 was released Feb 24th, 2025, but please use the latest patch release due to bugs found in the upgrade of retrofit to retrofit2.  As always test in lower environments BEFORE promotion to production environments and
```

please join the spinnaker slack for more help or information.  More information can be found in the release notes pages
* https://spinnaker.io/changelogs/1.36.0-changelog/
* https://spinnaker.io/changelogs/1.37.0-changelog/

Some big features of these releases:
* 1.36 uses java 17 exclusively for runtime and compilation time.
* Read-only support for pipeline API operations helping distribute the load in high performance environments

> * Helm when baking can use a file for values with LARGE numbers of input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Helm when baking can use a file for values with LARGE numbers of inputs/overrides
```
